TypeScript: Keep semi for a class property before index signatu… (#6728)
prettier/prettier: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

]);
```

#### TypeScript: Keep semi for a class property before index signature when no-semi is enabled ([#6728] by [@sosukesuzuki])

> Attempting to format the stable ver output again results in a syntax error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Attempting to format Prettier’s output again used to result in a syntax error.
```

Author: Thanks!

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```ts
// Input
export class User {
  id: number;
  [key: string]: any
}

// Output (Prettier stable)
export class User {
  id: number
  [key: string]: any

> }

Reviewer 2: This doesn't break without the semicolon. This does (an initializer is needed):
```ts
export class User {
  id: number = 2;
  [key: string]: any
}
```

Author: Thank you, I misunderstood. I fixed it!

// Output (Prettier master)
export class User {
  id: number = 2;

>   [key: string]: any

Reviewer: Should the semicolon be placed at the beginning of this line, like we usually do with no-semi?

Reviewer 2: It would probably be more idiomatic, however Prettier already formats computed class fields and methods like this.

**Prettier 1.18.2**
[Playground link](https://prettier.io/playground/#N4Igxg9gdgLgprEAucAbAhgZ0wAgMoQC2cAwhtjsADpQ504DaVI6ATq+gJ7MC6OAvIx416OANxMQmGKwCWUAOa8BOZtNbMaAXxAAaEBAAOMWdEzJQbVhADuABTYJzKdADcIsgCZ6QAIw5gANZwMHiG6GDyCsgyAK5w+gAWMISoAOqJsvCY4WBweE5Zsq5ZnMjg2D7ymHCsMHYcCoToyABm6Kg1+gBWmAAeAEIBwaHoxAAy8nBtHV0gvX14UahwAIqxEPAznQkg4aw1rOW+6L5wqD6GcrBpXjCJyAAcAAz6VxA1aRyG5Vdwh65pvoAI4beANIzOFiYAC0UDgcE8iJ8rDgoNkqIa6CaLSQ7R2+hqhFk2zmmGWazB0zxs12MFOt0892QACZ9DJ0LJUFESERmuUoNAgSBYjUACqnZz4mpaLRAA)
```sh
--parser babel
--no-semi
```

**Input:**
```jsx
class SomeClass {
    ["array"] = []
    ;["string"] = "str"
}
```

**Output:**
```jsx
class SomeClass {
  ["array"] = [];
  ["string"] = "str"
}

```

Reviewer: Ok.
